.. _abbreviations:

=============
Abbreviations
=============

.. include:: /style-guide/includes/page-needs-update.rst

Unless an abbreviation is common, spell out the words of the
abbreviation on the first use in an article or topic. Show the
abbreviation in parentheses after the spelled-out term; for example,
access control list (ACL). On subsequent uses in the article or topic,
use the abbreviation. If you introduce an abbreviation, use it; don't
alternate between the abbreviation and the spelled-out term. Use the
``:abbr:`` role to embed the words as a hover option.

.. note::

   In FAQ documents, treat every occurrence of a term as the first use
   (that is, spell out the term and show the abbreviation in
   parentheses on every occurrence).

Don't capitalize the spelled-out term unless it's a proper name or
normally capitalized. For example, the spelled-out term for *AJAX* is
*Asynchronous JavaScript and XML*, but the spelled-out term for *ACL*
is *access control list*.

Also use the following guidelines related to abbreviations.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 50 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Guideline
     - Use
     - Don't use

   * - Don't show both the spelled-out term and its abbreviation in a
       title or heading. In most cases, use the abbreviation in the
       title or heading and show the spelled-out term and its
       abbreviation on first use in the text.

     - **Adding an ACL**

       An access control list (ACL) allows access from an outside
       network into the ObjectRocket system.
     - **Adding an access control list (ACL)**

       An ACL allows access from an outside network into the
       ObjectRocket system.

   * - Use only established abbreviations. Don't create new ones.
     - hybrid cloud
     - HC

   * - Don't use abbreviated forms of MongoDB product names.

       However, if you think that a user might use an abbreviated name
       in a search, you can tag the document with the abbreviation.
     - Cloud Provider Snapshots
     - CPS

   * - If an abbreviation is used as part of a compound modifier,
       hyphenate it as you would a word.

       For more information, see :ref:`hyphens-in-compound-modifiers`.
     - 1000-bps rate
     - 1000 bps rate

   * - Don't surround abbreviations with quotation marks.
     - OS
     - "OS"

   * - Use periods only if the abbreviation normally has them (for
       example, *etc.*, although this should not be used in MongoDB
       content) or could otherwise be misread as a word, such as *in.*
       (for *inch*).
     - FAQ
     - F.A.Q.

   * - Don't use an abbreviation as a verb.
     - Use FTP to copy the file to the server.
     - FTP the file to the server.

   * - Avoid using abbreviations in the possessive. Instead, treat the
       abbreviation as an adjective or put it in a prepositional
       phrase.
     - Type the DBA password.

       Type the password of the DBA.
     - Type the DBA's password.

   * - To form the plural of an abbreviation, except for a unit of
       measure, append a lowercase *s* without an apostrophe.

       For most abbreviations of units of measure, the singular and
       plural forms are the same (for example, 1 pt and 10 pt).

       If an acronym already represents a plural noun, don't add an
       *s*.
     - user IDs

       10 mm

       FAQ
     - user ID's

       10 mms

       FAQs

   * - For abbreviated units of measure, insert a space between the
       number and the abbreviation. Insert a hyphen if the phrase is a
       compound modifier.
     - 256 MB

       100-GB drive
     - 256MB

       100GB drive

       100 GB drive

   * - Don't use Latin abbreviations or non-English words and phrases.
       For more information, see :ref:`avoid-obscure-words`.
     - for example
     - e.g.

Abbreviations of Byte and Bit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*Byte* is abbreviated with an uppercase *B*. *Bit* is abbreviated with
a lowercase *b*. For example, *gigabyte* is abbreviated as *GB*, and
*gigabit* is abbreviated as *Gb*. In general, use such abbreviations
only with a number value; otherwise, spell out the term. If you want to
emphasize *bit* or *byte*, use the spelled-out term rather than or in
addition to the abbreviation.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 100
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Examples

   * - The 100-GB drive appears as 107.4 GB because of how the
       megabytes are counted.

   * - The unit of value for this alarm is megabits per second (Mbps).

Common Abbreviations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A common abbreviation is either an industry-standard abbreviation or
one that is well known to your target audience. Following are some
common abbreviations in the computer industry. You don't need to spell
out these terms on first use, unless you think the abbreviation is
unfamiliar to your audience.

API, ASCII, BIOS, CD, CD-ROM, CGI, CLI, CPU, CSS, DNS, DVD, FAQ, FTP,
GB, GHz, GUI, GUID, HTML, HTTP, HTTPS, ID, IMAP, I/O, IP, JSON, KB,
kHz, LAN, LDAP, MB, MHz, NIC, NTFS, OLE, OS, PDF, PHP, POP, RAM, REST,
ROM, SGML, SMTP, SQL, SSL, TCP, TCP/IP, URI, URL, USB, VLAN, WAN, XML
